docs/adr/index.md, before:

<!---~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~ Copyright (c) 2020 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
  ~
  ~ See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
  ~ information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~
  ~ This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
  ~ terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
  ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0, or the Apache Software License 2.0
  ~ which is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-->


# Architectural Decision Log

This lists the architectural decisions for Eclipse Winery.

<!-- adrlog -->

- [ADR-0000](0000-use-architectural-decision-records.md) - Use Markdown Architectural Decision Records
- [ADR-0001](0001-use-filesystem-as-backend.md) - Use filesystem as backend
- [ADR-0002](0002-filesystem-folder-structure-using-type-namespace-id-structure.md) - File system folder structure using type-namespace-id structure
- [ADR-0003](0003-double-encoded-urls.md) - Double Encoded URLs
- [ADR-0004](0004-oauth.md) - OAuth with GitHub
- [ADR-0005](0005-XML-editor-does-not-enforce-validation.md) - XML editor does not enforce validation
- [ADR-0006](0006-wrap-properties-in-tosca-properties-element.md) - Wrap properties in TOSCA properties element
- [ADR-0007](0007-custom-URI-for-lifecycle-interface.md) - Custom URI for lifecycle interface
- [ADR-0008](0008-no-support-for-local-git-source-clones.md) - No support for local git source clones
- [ADR-0009](0009-manual-tosca-yaml-serialisation.md) - Manual serialization of SnakeYAML
- [ADR-0010](0010-tosca-yaml-deserialisation-using-snakeyaml.md) - TOSCA YAML deserialization using SnakeYAML
- [ADR-0011](0011-use-builder-pattern-for-model-classes.md) - Use Builder Pattern for Model Classes
- [ADR-0012](0012-provide-support-for-custom-kv-properties.md) - Provide Support for Custom Key-Value Properties
- [ADR-0013](0013-routes-in-Angular.md) - Routes in the Repository Angular App
- [ADR-0014](0014-use-eclipse-orion-as-editor.md) - Use Eclipse Orion as Editor
- [ADR-0015](0015-copy-source-to-files.md) - Offer copying files from the source to the files folder
- [ADR-0016](0016-reflection-test-for-tosca-yaml-builder.md) - Reflection test for TOSCA YAML builder
- [ADR-0017](0017-modify-jax-b-generated-classes.md) - Modify JAX-B generated classes
- [ADR-0018](0018-version-identifier.md) - Version Identifier in a Debian-like Form
- [ADR-0019](0019-version-in-the-name.md) - Versions of TOSCA elements in the name
- [ADR-0020](0020-TOSCA-definitions-contain-extactly-one-element.md) - TOSCA Definitions contain excaly one element
- [ADR-0021](0021-use-logback-for-logging.md) - Use logback for logging
- [ADR-0022](0022-tosca-model-is-more-relaxed-than-the-xsd.md) - tosca.model is more relaxed than the XSD
- [ADR-0023](0023-use-maven-as-build-tool.md) - Use Maven as build tool
- [ADR-0024](0024-use-travis-for-continuous-integration.md) - Use TravisCI for Continuous Integration
- [ADR-0025](0025-use-same-logback-test-xml-for-each-sub-project.md) - Use same `logback-test.xml` for each sub project
- [ADR-0026](0026-store-license-and-readme-in-entity-root-folder-in-csar.md) - Store `LICENSE` and `README.md` in respective entity's root folder in a CSAR
- [ADR-0027](0027-use-dasherization-for-filenames.md) - Use dasherization for filenames
- [ADR-0028](0028-use-hardcoded-namespaces-for-threat-modeling.md) - Use hardcoded namespaces for threat modeling
- [ADR-0029](0029-IPSec-algorithm-application.md) - IPSec Algorithm Implementation
- [ADR-0030](0030-multiple-repositories.md) - Support of multiple repositories

<!-- adrlogstop -->

The [template.md](template.md) contains the MADR template.
More information on MADR is available at <https://adr.github.io/madr/>.

Commit message:

Add pattern detection in declarative deployment models
Signed-off-by: Adrian Wersching <awersching@posteo.de>

docs/adr/index.md, after:

<!---~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  ~ Copyright (c) 2020 Contributors to the Eclipse Foundation
  ~
  ~ See the NOTICE file(s) distributed with this work for additional
  ~ information regarding copyright ownership.
  ~
  ~ This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
  ~ terms of the Eclipse Public License 2.0 which is available at
  ~ http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0, or the Apache Software License 2.0
  ~ which is available at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.
  ~
  ~ SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR Apache-2.0
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-->


# Architectural Decision Log

This lists the architectural decisions for Eclipse Winery.

<!-- adrlog -->

- [ADR-0000](0000-use-architectural-decision-records.md) - Use Markdown Architectural Decision Records
- [ADR-0001](0001-use-filesystem-as-backend.md) - Use filesystem as backend
- [ADR-0002](0002-filesystem-folder-structure-using-type-namespace-id-structure.md) - File system folder structure using type-namespace-id structure
- [ADR-0003](0003-double-encoded-urls.md) - Double Encoded URLs
- [ADR-0004](0004-oauth.md) - OAuth with GitHub
- [ADR-0005](0005-XML-editor-does-not-enforce-validation.md) - XML editor does not enforce validation
- [ADR-0006](0006-wrap-properties-in-tosca-properties-element.md) - Wrap properties in TOSCA properties element
- [ADR-0007](0007-custom-URI-for-lifecycle-interface.md) - Custom URI for lifecycle interface
- [ADR-0008](0008-no-support-for-local-git-source-clones.md) - No support for local git source clones
- [ADR-0009](0009-manual-tosca-yaml-serialisation.md) - Manual serialization of SnakeYAML
- [ADR-0010](0010-tosca-yaml-deserialisation-using-snakeyaml.md) - TOSCA YAML deserialization using SnakeYAML
- [ADR-0011](0011-use-builder-pattern-for-model-classes.md) - Use Builder Pattern for Model Classes
- [ADR-0012](0012-provide-support-for-custom-kv-properties.md) - Provide Support for Custom Key-Value Properties
- [ADR-0013](0013-routes-in-Angular.md) - Routes in the Repository Angular App
- [ADR-0014](0014-use-eclipse-orion-as-editor.md) - Use Eclipse Orion as Editor
- [ADR-0015](0015-copy-source-to-files.md) - Offer copying files from the source to the files folder
- [ADR-0016](0016-reflection-test-for-tosca-yaml-builder.md) - Reflection test for TOSCA YAML builder
- [ADR-0017](0017-modify-jax-b-generated-classes.md) - Modify JAX-B generated classes
- [ADR-0018](0018-version-identifier.md) - Version Identifier in a Debian-like Form
- [ADR-0019](0019-version-in-the-name.md) - Versions of TOSCA elements in the name
- [ADR-0020](0020-TOSCA-definitions-contain-extactly-one-element.md) - TOSCA Definitions contain excaly one element
- [ADR-0021](0021-use-logback-for-logging.md) - Use logback for logging
- [ADR-0022](0022-tosca-model-is-more-relaxed-than-the-xsd.md) - tosca.model is more relaxed than the XSD
- [ADR-0023](0023-use-maven-as-build-tool.md) - Use Maven as build tool
- [ADR-0024](0024-use-travis-for-continuous-integration.md) - Use TravisCI for Continuous Integration
- [ADR-0025](0025-use-same-logback-test-xml-for-each-sub-project.md) - Use same `logback-test.xml` for each sub project
- [ADR-0026](0026-store-license-and-readme-in-entity-root-folder-in-csar.md) - Store `LICENSE` and `README.md` in respective entity's root folder in a CSAR
- [ADR-0027](0027-use-dasherization-for-filenames.md) - Use dasherization for filenames
- [ADR-0028](0028-use-hardcoded-namespaces-for-threat-modeling.md) - Use hardcoded namespaces for threat modeling
- [ADR-0029](0029-IPSec-algorithm-application.md) - IPSec Algorithm Implementation
- [ADR-0030](0030-multiple-repositories.md) - Support of multiple repositories
- [ADR-0031](0031-reuse-refinement-code-for-pattern-detection.md) - Reuse the pattern refinement implementation for pattern detection

<!-- adrlogstop -->

The [template.md](template.md) contains the MADR template.
More information on MADR is available at <https://adr.github.io/madr/>.
